docs(alert):  use secondary rh-buttons to visually reflect importance (#1857)
RedHat-UX/red-hat-design-system: elements/rh-alert/docs/00-overview.md

{{ tagName | getElementDescription }}

<uxdot-example width-adjustment="538px">

>   <img src="{{ 'alert-sample.svg' | url }}" alt="Two examples of the alert element" width="538px">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <img src="alert-sample.svg" alt="Two examples of the alert element" width="538px">
```
